Add info about installing pyimageJ to table (#215)
CellProfiler/CellProfiler-plugins: documentation/CP-plugins-documentation/supported_plugins.md

| PixelShuffle          | PixelShuffle takes the intensity of each pixel in an image and randomly shuffles its position. | No | | N/A |
| Predict               | Predict allows you to use an ilastik pixel classifier to generate a probability image. CellProfiler supports two types of ilastik projects: Pixel Classification and Autocontext (2-stage). | No |  | N/A |
| [RunCellpose](RunCellPose.md) | RunCellpose allows you to run Cellpose within CellProfiler. Cellpose is a generalist machine-learning algorithm for cellular segmentation and is a great starting point for segmenting non-round cells. You can use pre-trained Cellpose models or your custom model with this plugin. You can use a GPU with this module to dramatically increase your speed/efficiency. | Yes | `cellpose` | Yes |

> | RunImageJScript       | RunImageJScript allows you to run any supported ImageJ script directly within CellProfiler. It is significantly more performant than RunImageJMacro, and is also less likely to leave behind temporary files. | Yes | `imagejscript` , though note that conda installation may be preferred, see [this link](https://py.imagej.net/en/latest/Install.html#installing-via-pip) for more information | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| RunImageJScript       | RunImageJScript allows you to run any supported ImageJ script directly within CellProfiler. It is significantly more performant than RunImageJMacro, and is also less likely to leave behind temporary files. | Yes | `imagejscript` . Note that you may need to use conda for installation (see [this link](https://github.com/CellProfiler/CellProfiler/wiki/Conda-Installation) and [this link](https://py.imagej.net/en/latest/Install.html#installing-via-pip) for more information) | No |
```
